debugfs: add page (#4409)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/debugfs.md

# debugfs

> An interactive ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem debugger.

- Open the filesystem in read only mode:

`debugfs {{/dev/sdXN}}`

- Open the filesystem in read write mode:

`debugfs -w {{/dev/sdXN}}`

> - Read commands from cmd_file file, execute them and exit:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Read commands from a specified file, execute them and then exit:
```

> `debugfs -f cmd_file`

Reviewer: Missing token syntax? Also, perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
`debugfs -f {{path/to/cmd_file}}`
```
